PORT-11260 Remove default actions from onboarding (git) integrations (#1726)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/let-developers-enrich-services-using-gitops.md

As platform engineers, we want to enable our developers to perform certain actions on their own. Let's create an action that developers can use to add data to a service, and allocate it to a domain.

1. Head to the [Self-service page](https://app.getport.io/self-serve) of your portal.

> 2. Click on the `+ Action` button on the top left conner :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the `+ Action` button in the top-right corner :
```

    <img src='/img/guides/addActionIcon.png' width='35%' border='1px' />

3. Fill the basic form with the  following:
    - **Title**: Enter `Enrich service`
    - **Identifier** Toggle the switch icon off and  type a  `service_enrich_service`
    - **Description**:  Enter the description (e.g., Enrich service with data )
    - **Icon**: Type Git and choose the  Icon (optional)
    - **Operation**:  Choose `Day-2`  from the dropdown
    - **Blueprint**:  Choose `Service` from the dropdown

      <img src='/img/guides/enrichActionDetails.png' width='70%' border='1px' />
     <br/>

4. Click on `Next`, and add the `Domain`  input:
      - Click on `+ Input`.
      - Enter the **Title** `Domain`.
      - Select the **Type** `Entity selection`.
      - Add the **Description** (optional).
      - Set **Required** to `True`.
      - Select `Domain` as the **Blueprint**
      - Click on the `Create` button.  
      <br/>

>       <img src='/img/guides/gitopsDomainInput.png' width='50%' border='1px' />

Reviewer: indent the image, like the one in point number 3

>       :::note Input type 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :::tip Entity selection input type 
```

>           (`Entity selection`) allows the executing user to choose a `domain` entity from the catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          The `Entity selection` type allows the executing user to choose an entity directly from the catalog.
```
